docs:  use Flutter specific iOS plist file location (#5898)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/installation/ios.mdx

To allow insecure connections, we recommend adding the [`NSAllowsLocalNetworking`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/nsapptransportsecurity/nsallowslocalnetworking) key to the [`NSAppTransportSecurity`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/nsapptransportsecurity) dictionary in your application's plist file.

> Add these keys in `ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add these keys to your `ios/Runner/Info.plist` file:
```
